Improve doc (#66)
phenology/cgc: README.rst

Clustering Geo-Data Cubes (CGC) is a Python package to perform clustering analysis for multidimensional geospatial data.
The included tools allow the user to efficiently run tasks in parallel on local and distributed systems.

> Statement of need
> -----------------
> The CGC package focuses on the needs of geospatial data scientists who require tools to make sense of multi-dimensional data cubes.
> 

Reviewer: This reads very nicely - I just suggest to incorporate it with the few lines before (now it feels a bit of a repetition) as in:
```suggestion
The Clustering Geo-Data Cubes (CGC) package focuses on the needs of geospatial data scientists who require tools to make sense of multi-dimensional data cubes. It provides the functionality to perform **co-cluster** and **tri-cluster** analyses on both local and distributed systems.
```
I think we can also drop the "statement of need" subtitle, it seems clear enough!
